hello and welcome to this presentation of the géraud
video
for remember the janssen in the first video of the presentation of
game the iphone electric the weapon cashed a fall
it's his way
the man who is at the top since the talk of the problems m movement
very very good
percent which requires the purchase of the
more than a single rise European trotting stables
and then a subscription
of the 79 cents a month or two euros why for six months 2 or the text
knowing that when you bought the game you have three months of subscription
which is included in the party
opera on the other hand confirmed that he was about to take the turn
a compote video presentation
yes I am above all investment gold on texts
so what
so we exchange some gold studies in case
you must login gameloft
gold to water the pursuits and create three characters for free or
for a fourth character you will have to pay for the purchase of
some rumors
it's not dancers
in any case to have a new character at moody's rhune
knowing that against an instantly populated
besides the fact of a few days or
he trained right away
she has among others one will cost you then I'm judged rousseau run
between us besides 3 other
but a small number of names of victims
we remember that everything works
very quickly not very long ago and I had a small
the small contests that allowed guillaume soro ii
luckily that was at least 79 cents 3-0 59 6 months of 0 39 years for
the big modo or inches more and more people with humans
for his second hole
clashes
the cost of the undead each of these characters they will perhaps blow
theory
the warriors m
the same day
- good ah
world
so a little bit the graphics of the word game
enter the universe from then into second
I hear the yawn is at the level of his father
level they are always them
the north door for all the dungeon doors
the idea is simple of the construction the
11h local
big loading time
I can not play too much
today the world of education
you have to start
in the top left of the window m this man disappointed
the pcf
it is done
the other
and like this shot and between two
I prefer
it's summer
m
the bank of england held up
from that moment onwards it is well known that the fund does not
would both be
a carrier of the league I can not anymore
bottom right of the iphone screen
the tool allows you to override
so your part in the public the good challenges
given the deadlines
a notification that disturbed us
analysis
everybody
the race m
the area
the fpi and healthy
85% of the voters
to do
in such conditions
we are going to look for the draw that is no more than the current model no we have to say
that it is first that I can to keep it
continuation ltd
Curiously
nobody
we do not know everything about the decline
evolution
now that you are
the 45 minutes considering the climate
a little girl
Why
so we are really very interesting
with seemingly distracted quests you have map and territory m he
is led
this quest for minutes
a multitude of fronts m
who go monetary system no longer wants
guru it's the training of women were killed
people like you kill three captains of war crimes against
humanity five time criteria
all peace of mind
it's a shame that can more complete also consult his pen to tell you
what we want more
Mexico
so the man was cut off during the night a phone call
the contest of the most beautiful compliment on the ground
so
always a little more a mission meets her
but it's without comment
jc
m
could the quarterly dr of philips be king's consort
finyear
I'm like crazy commented
Weekly raffle
the victims a convention
my son
good day also female roles